Serenna Beers: Hi there.
Serenna Beers: Can you hear me.
hannahcloe: Yeah, now I can
Serenna Beers: Okay, I'm not sure how long you've been sitting in my waiting room, but I was having some technical difficulties, so I apologize.
No problem.
Serenna Beers: This shouldn't take long. It should take about 15 minutes and I just need to ask you some questions about your background and stuff. Just so we have a better idea of how to basically how of how of how to help you.
Serenna Beers: Okay. Um, so tell me what brings you to bright her health and why why now.
hannahcloe: So I was just released from
hannahcloe: The hospital from my 5051 50 and
hannahcloe: Last year,
hannahcloe: So I've been in and out of residential treatment centers I opie's PHP is
hannahcloe: Present last year as well.
So,
hannahcloe: I'm I have pretty severe agoraphobia. And then obviously with kind of the current state of everything going on right now. I'm just looking able to get therapy from home.
hannahcloe: So,
hannahcloe: Yeah.
Serenna Beers: Tell me your story with substances. Do you have a history with drug addiction, and if so,
Serenna Beers: When did it start, how did it progress and at what what what point was it at its worst
hannahcloe: History with drugs and alcohol. Alcohol has been my biggest struggle, though.
hannahcloe: The last year was actually when it got or like last April is when I got to its worst point and I went and to medical detox.
hannahcloe: I was having seizures associated with my alcohol use.
hannahcloe: I was drinking every single day. If I was awake. I was drinking
You know,
hannahcloe: I mean, I was using it as a coping mechanism.
hannahcloe: For some of my mental health issues.
hannahcloe: And I had had some traumatic stuff happened last year and then I just really got out of control.
hannahcloe: I like I said I had tried to get some help. Last April.
hannahcloe: And then my sister in law passed away.
hannahcloe: And then my brother passed away a month later.
Serenna Beers: So sorry to hear that. Wow.
hannahcloe: Um, but yeah, that just kind of led to a series of like
hannahcloe: Since then, I haven't gotten back to like where I've
hannahcloe: Been drinking like on a daily basis or anything, but all my relapses have been
hannahcloe: To the point where like I've gotten myself into the hospital where my blood alcohol is like around 400
Serenna Beers: Mm hmm.
Serenna Beers: So, wow.
Serenna Beers: Um, do you struggle with chronic pain, too, or is it primarily mental health.
hannahcloe: Um, yeah. So I have a herniated disc in my neck. So actually, before I started drinking opiates for my problem.
hannahcloe: Okay, so
hannahcloe: Okay, but
hannahcloe: Mental health is really kind of my primary issue, I would say.
Serenna Beers: Like a
hannahcloe: When I like think about what my problem is like I don't drink for fun.
Serenna Beers: You know,
hannahcloe: It's not like I go out and party or anything, it's just
Serenna Beers: Kind of like a self medication thing.
Serenna Beers: Yeah. Okay. What about. So you mentioned that you've been through several residential PHP just, I mean, and I don't have to have exact dates but just as much as you can. Just maybe say your
Serenna Beers: Your history so you know you went to to residential in 2019 or whatever and just kind of give me your history of mental health and or substance abuse.
Serenna Beers: centers that you've been involved with
hannahcloe: So I was in a primary substance abuse. Well, I went to detox and then immediately into a primary substance abuse residential must April and
hannahcloe: And then
hannahcloe: Again detox and residential ma
hannahcloe: After that I had a
hannahcloe: In July,
Mm hmm.
hannahcloe: And then I had a August after a suicide attempt.
hannahcloe: And then was in a primary mental health.
hannahcloe: Residential for 45 days.
hannahcloe: Mm hmm. And then I was in an I. O. P. For
hannahcloe: A bit from November to December.
hannahcloe: And then working with my outpatient doctor who I'm still with
Okay.
hannahcloe: And then
hannahcloe: Again, and men January, and then at the end of January through mid February.
Serenna Beers: And who's doing who's doing the 5151 50
hannahcloe: Um, well, all of them have been related to extreme instances of self harm, like the ones in January, I
hannahcloe: The first one in January I stabbed my rib cage and he had 40 stitches.
hannahcloe: The second one I slipped my wrist and needed 17 stitches.
hannahcloe: Okay, wow.
Serenna Beers: Okay, what about growing up. What was your family life. Like, were you raised by both parents for you adopted. Do you have brothers and sisters or your parents still together.
Serenna Beers: Buddy else in your home life stores struggle with mental health or substance abuse.
hannahcloe: Yeah, so
hannahcloe: home life was kinda like
hannahcloe: Chaotic
hannahcloe: Mm hmm. Growing up, my
hannahcloe: Parents are not together.
hannahcloe: My god Lipson trying to stay. Now I have two brothers like one of them dead but um
hannahcloe: Yeah Dad was
hannahcloe: My dad was really abusive towards us.
Wow.
hannahcloe: And so both of my brothers struggle with mental health issues. No calm.
hannahcloe: So,
Serenna Beers: I'm so sorry to hear that. Wow.
Serenna Beers: I'm Chloe. Can I ask you a huge favor. My daughter is you know how kids are having to do online school and she can't get her zoom math meeting to start is just place you on a brief hold and I'll be right back. Don't go anywhere. Okay. Okay, hang on just a second.
Serenna Beers: Thank you. I'm so sorry. I was a
hannahcloe: That's okay.
Serenna Beers: I was hoping it wouldn't come to that, but I was worried. This whole yeah virus thing and kids being at school.
Serenna Beers: Yeah, but she said up now. Okay, so where did we leave off that we were taught talking about your family history and stuff like that.
Serenna Beers: Yeah, okay.
Serenna Beers: And you last where we left off was you were sharing, sharing with me. Your, your parents with with mental health and substance abuse, right.
hannahcloe: Yeah, more
hannahcloe: Brothers just have had issues so
Okay.
Serenna Beers: Um, did you notice any other type of addictive type of behavioral growing up with your, with your family members at all like gambling food addiction sex, sex addiction shopping anything else like like that.
hannahcloe: Um, my dad just became extremely like
hannahcloe: Hyper religious
hannahcloe: I don't, I
hannahcloe: Don't know how to describe that as like addictive. But like, to the point where it was, you know, I consider myself a person of faith, but like, to the point where it became like toxic.
Serenna Beers: You know,
hannahcloe: Now he runs. He now he runs what he calls a home church or whatever because he doesn't believe that the Church does things right.
hannahcloe: He has some very extreme views about women are
hannahcloe: Raised race. Yeah, it's, it's crazy.
Serenna Beers: Okay, and what about tell me what school was like
Serenna Beers: How far had how far did you go. Did you struggle at at school with any learning disabilities. Were there any events that stood out for you growing up.
hannahcloe: Um, I've always done well with like academics.
hannahcloe: Mm hmm. I'm
hannahcloe: Never done well socially.
hannahcloe: I had to
hannahcloe: revert to learning at home at one point.
hannahcloe: Just from social anxiety, but I have a bachelor's degree.
hannahcloe: You know, I've always exceeded.
School
hannahcloe: So,
Serenna Beers: Um, did you ever serve in the military, we have to ask these questions. Okay, and what about, do you have any financial or legal issues that that you're concerned about at all.
hannahcloe: I'm not financial but I
hannahcloe: I have a legal case at the moment.
Serenna Beers: Go. What is it, if you don't mind me asking
hannahcloe: Um, I
hannahcloe: Yeah, I had an incident was intoxicated, where I resisted arrest.
hannahcloe: So,
hannahcloe: I have no recollection of it, but I'm still dealing with that happened back in October.
Okay.
Serenna Beers: Um hmm. Are you in a relationship now.
Serenna Beers: Yeah, okay. Do you have any kids. Mm hmm I how how how many one Okay girl, girl, boy, boy, small
Serenna Beers: His five. Okay, that's a really fun age. That's a cute age.
Serenna Beers: Yeah. And then do you, is it just you and your, your son or is that you and your significant other and your son or
hannahcloe: It's just me and my boyfriend my son's doubt. It's not letting me see him right now.
Serenna Beers: So, okay, I'm very sorry to hear that.
Serenna Beers: Tell me.
Serenna Beers: Tell me three short term goals that maybe you hope to achieve by being with us. It could be as simple as maybe a skill that you want to learn, maybe some education. What are three things that you hope to get out of being being with us.
hannahcloe: I think just like
hannahcloe: One big thing is like hopefully
hannahcloe: Feeling of like ranchers of thoughts.
hannahcloe: Been like really difficult for me.
hannahcloe: Mm hmm lately.
hannahcloe: And some of my impulsivity.
hannahcloe: And then
hannahcloe: Just better being able to better communicate how I'm feeling.
To
hannahcloe: The people in my life so that I can remain safe.
Mm hmm.
hannahcloe: And then
hannahcloe: Just being able to be proactive about
hannahcloe: It, you know, the things that I want to do, because a lot of the times I just feel like I'm at a standstill because of my depression or just a lack of confidence or feeling like I'm a failure.
Mm hmm.
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Serenna Beers: Um, I think I, I got it all. I was looking at your chart to see
Serenna Beers: What was the recommended time that you're supposed to meet with me, like is it twice a month, or is it once a week. What are your thoughts about that.
hannahcloe: Um, I don't know. I'm open to whatever I'm flexible so
Serenna Beers: Okay, let me just take a look
Serenna Beers: Hang on just a second.
Serenna Beers: On the table.
Serenna Beers: We're going that drawer.
Serenna Beers: You find one. My daughter needs a pencil. I apologize.
Serenna Beers: What about a pin. Okay. Your sharpener is out there.
Serenna Beers: Okay, let me see. It looks like.
Serenna Beers: twice a month is what it recommends on here. So, do you, do you want to meet in a couple weeks. And just kind of see where you're at. I mean, I'm more than flexible to meet with you on a weekly basis what one of my specialties. I'm
Serenna Beers: Hannah is trauma, I am actually a trauma therapist, I am em Dr certified and that wouldn't obviously be anything that I do with you right away. I'd want to get to know you, but I think there's, um, there's, there's a lot of
Serenna Beers: There's a lot of research behind it, have. Have you ever heard of it.
hannahcloe: Yeah, it's something that my doctors wanted me to do, actually. Wow. So I've just been kind of avoid on about it, honestly.
Serenna Beers: Yeah, well. And actually, because it is very, very powerful. I mean, I use a matter of fact, I use this one here, if you can see it. It's a
Serenna Beers: It's an Ellie led wand and I move it back and forth. They stimulate ram while you're awake, which is you know what we
Serenna Beers: Go into if we're doing some really good sleep, and that's where are some were at the most subconscious state when we're in rem
Serenna Beers: And with the one that pulls up those
Serenna Beers: Memories that you've suppressed and that trauma that you've lodged in your nervous system up to your working memory so that your brain can process the trauma around it.
Serenna Beers: In the way that it that it was meant to be in an adaptive pattern route, rather than a maladaptive maladaptive so that wouldn't be like i said i mean you haven't been out of the hospital for very long. Right.
Serenna Beers: Yeah. And, and so I'm thinking like further, further down the road. My point was letting you know that you know if at some point you feel like this is something you want to explore
Serenna Beers: That as your therapist, I have the ability to do that kind of work with with you and and so maybe maybe we set out your appointment for
Serenna Beers: The seventh of May. And let me just check my calendar and then we just kind of start from there. And then if you want to meet with me more often, or you feel that it's very how helpful for you.
Serenna Beers: Then we can step it up some
hannahcloe: Okay.
Serenna Beers: So let me see here. What if we did
Serenna Beers: And of course, this little sucker is very slow right now. So I said, May 7 right I think is what I said.
Serenna Beers: Goodness gracious may
Serenna Beers: May 7 that ok so maybe seven that looks like I could
Serenna Beers: I could do
Serenna Beers: I could do 11 o'clock. Again, if this is something that fits
hannahcloe: Yeah, that work.
Serenna Beers: Okay, or actually I think we were scheduled for 10 but does 11 O'clock work for you.
hannahcloe: Yeah, that's fine.
Serenna Beers: Okay. So while I have you on the phone. I'm going to write that down on my own calendar so I can make sure that I get it into the book.
Serenna Beers: And so we said for May 7 at 11 o'clock, and it's Hannah Chloe. Right.
Serenna Beers: Khloe. Yeah. Oh, Hannah. Hannah Khloe. Okay.
hannahcloe: It's okay. It's common
Serenna Beers: Yeah, okay. Hannah for follow up individual and then we can just talk about how things have gone and how you're adjusting and
Serenna Beers: And just and maybe I can also in between now and then come up with some skills you know there's Dialectical Behavioral Therapy. There's cognitive behavioral therapy, which I'm sure you've probably heard of all of it right
hannahcloe: Yeah, I've done a lot of CVT work and I'm past
hannahcloe: So,
hannahcloe: Familiar with DB t. So,
Serenna Beers: Okay. Well, good. So maybe we we could just do some refresher skills, you know, especially to help you around that distress.
Serenna Beers: Tolerance, which, you know, the more you bring your anxiety down the less you'll be impulsive and the more you will decrease those type of unwanted behaviors. You know what I mean.
hannahcloe: Yeah, okay.
Serenna Beers: Well. Cool. Well, I appreciate your time and. And again, it's not a normal practice for me to step away I but but I really appreciate it so that I could do what I gotta do over here.
hannahcloe: Yeah, no problem.
Serenna Beers: I really do. Okay, well then, I will see you on the seventh Hannah at 11 o'clock.
hannahcloe: Okay, thank you.
Serenna Beers: Okay, thanks. Bye bye.